Updated Docker database container with info about setting CRYPT_KEY o… (#6251)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/docker/docker-database.md

Although it is a more complex approach, you can use GZIP by _sharing_ the `.sql.gz` file using the `.docker/mnt` directory and importing it inside the Docker container.

{:.bs-callout-info}

> When you import a database from an existing Magento installation into a new Magento Commerce Cloud environment, you must add the encryption key from the remote environment to the new environment, and then deploy the changes. See [Add the Magento encryption key]({{ site.baseurl}}/cloud/setup/first-time-setup-import-import.html#encryption-key).

Reviewer: Use variables for product name.

> When you import a database from an existing Magento installation into a new Magento Commerce Cloud environment, you must add the encryption key from the remote environment to the new environment, and then deploy the changes. See [Add the Magento encryption key]({{ site.baseurl}}/cloud/setup/first-time-setup-import-import.html#encryption-key).

Author: ```suggestion
When you import a database from an existing Magento installation into a new {{ site.data.var.ece }} environment, you must add the encryption key from the remote environment to the new environment, and then deploy the changes. See [Add the Magento encryption key]({{ site.baseurl}}/cloud/setup/first-time-setup-import-import.html#encryption-key).
```
